below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium septicum 
below37,Blastocystis hominis 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterocytozoon bieneusi 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Rothia dentocariosa 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Abiotrophia defectiva 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Parvimonas micra 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium tetani 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella bivia 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Rothia dentocariosa 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
below37,Serratia marcescens 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Morganella morganii 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Corynebacterium striatum 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Human betaherpesvirus 5
below37,Aeromonas caviae 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Staphylococcus haemolyticus 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Staphylococcus pseudintermedius 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Staphylococcus haemolyticus 
below37,Staphylococcus epidermidis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium septicum 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Pseudomonas putida 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium septicum 
below37,Clostridium tetani 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Parvimonas micra 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium tetani 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Staphylococcus pseudintermedius 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium tetani 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Aeromonas hydrophila 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Elizabethkingia anophelis 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Providencia alcalifaciens 
below37,Providencia rettgeri 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium septicum 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Pseudomonas putida 
below37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium septicum 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium tetani 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Parvimonas micra 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Human polyomavirus 4
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Serratia marcescens 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Abiotrophia defectiva 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Corynebacterium striatum 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Candida tropicalis 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Human mastadenovirus D
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,[Candida] glabrata 
below37,Pichia kudriavzevii 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Yersinia pestis 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Rhizopus oryzae 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Morganella morganii 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Peptostreptococcus anaerobius 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Candida dubliniensis 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Ureaplasma parvum 
below37,Ureaplasma urealyticum 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Mycoplasma penetrans 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Giardia intestinalis 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Cronobacter sakazakii 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Elizabethkingia anophelis 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Staphylococcus epidermidis 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium tetani 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Parvimonas micra 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Brachyspira hyodysenteriae 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Campylobacter lari 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Helicobacter pylori 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Giardia intestinalis 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Brachyspira hyodysenteriae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Blastocystis hominis 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Bacillus licheniformis 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Blastocystis hominis 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Trichomonas vaginalis 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Entamoeba histolytica 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Giardia intestinalis 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Prevotella bivia 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Candida dubliniensis 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Aeromonas caviae 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Serratia marcescens 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium septicum 
below37,Clostridium tetani 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Blastocystis hominis 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Campylobacter fetus 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Parvimonas micra 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Gardnerella vaginalis 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Providencia rettgeri 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium septicum 
below37,Enterocytozoon bieneusi 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Peptostreptococcus anaerobius 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Listeria monocytogenes 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Campylobacter fetus 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium tetani 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Aeromonas veronii 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Serratia marcescens 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus iniae 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Human mastadenovirus D
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Blastocystis hominis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Elizabethkingia meningoseptica 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Morganella morganii 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Brachyspira hyodysenteriae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Blastocystis hominis 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Tannerella forsythia 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Human mastadenovirus A
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Clostridium perfringens 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Campylobacter coli 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
below37,Fusobacterium necrophorum 
below37,Streptococcus anginosus 
below37,Streptococcus oralis 
below37,Streptococcus gordonii 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Streptococcus mitis 
below37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
below37,Streptococcus suis 
below37,Streptococcus mutans 
below37,Streptococcus equi 
below37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
below37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
below37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
below37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
below37,Prevotella intermedia 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Peptostreptococcus anaerobius 
below37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
below37,Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans 
below37,Enterocytozoon bieneusi 
below37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
below37,Haemophilus influenzae 
below37,Bacillus cereus 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Clostridioides difficile 
below37,Clostridium botulinum 
below37,Campylobacter jejuni 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Rothia dentocariosa 
below37,Morganella morganii 
below37,Finegoldia magna 
below37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
below37,Parvimonas micra 
below37,Enterococcus faecium 
below37,Enterococcus avium 
below37,Enterococcus faecalis 
below37,Staphylococcus aureus 
below37,Enterobacter cloacae 
below37,Escherichia coli 
below37,Streptococcus equinus 
below37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
below37,Candida albicans 
below37,Salmonella enterica 
below37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
below37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
below37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
below37,Citrobacter freundii 
below37,Shigella sonnei 
below37,Shigella dysenteriae 
below37,Shigella flexneri 
below37,Shigella boydii 
below37,Cronobacter sakazakii 
below37,Serratia marcescens 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,[Haemophilus] ducreyi 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Candida albicans 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Gardnerella vaginalis 
above37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Listeria monocytogenes 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Morganella morganii 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Candida albicans 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Bacillus licheniformis 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Orf virus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Giardia intestinalis 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Rothia dentocariosa 
above37,Fusobacterium necrophorum 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
above37,Pasteurella multocida 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Fusobacterium necrophorum 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Listeria monocytogenes 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Blastocystis hominis 
above37,Trichomonas vaginalis 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Enterocytozoon bieneusi 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Achromobacter xylosoxidans 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Trichomonas vaginalis 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptobacillus moniliformis 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Human mastadenovirus B
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Blastocystis hominis 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Shewanella algae 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Serratia marcescens 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Elizabethkingia anophelis 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Blastocystis hominis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Proteus mirabilis 
above37,Morganella morganii 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Trichomonas vaginalis 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Dientamoeba fragilis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Mycoplasma hominis 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Blastocystis hominis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Proteus mirabilis 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Blastocystis hominis 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Campylobacter lari 
above37,Campylobacter fetus 
above37,Campylobacter curvus 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Blastocystis hominis 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Helicobacter pylori 
above37,Anaerococcus prevotii 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Listeria monocytogenes 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Elizabethkingia anophelis 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Gardnerella vaginalis 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Aeromonas veronii 
above37,Aeromonas hydrophila 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Proteus mirabilis 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Candida albicans 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Human mastadenovirus C
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Candida albicans 
above37,Gardnerella vaginalis 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Morganella morganii 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter fetus 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Blastocystis hominis 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Pasteurella multocida 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Morganella morganii 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Gardnerella vaginalis 
above37,Helicobacter pylori 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Aeromonas veronii 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Schistosoma mansoni 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Serratia marcescens 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Pasteurella multocida 
above37,Aeromonas veronii 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Saccharomyces cerevisiae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Rothia dentocariosa 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Corynebacterium diphtheriae 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Anaerococcus prevotii 
above37,Cronobacter sakazakii 
above37,Proteus mirabilis 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Staphylococcus haemolyticus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus sobrinus 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter fetus 
above37,Listeria monocytogenes 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Human mastadenovirus D
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Elizabethkingia anophelis 
above37,Serratia marcescens 
above37,Candida albicans 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Serratia marcescens 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Aeromonas veronii 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Blastocystis hominis 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Candida albicans 
above37,Morganella morganii 
above37,Proteus mirabilis 
above37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Candida albicans 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Staphylococcus haemolyticus 
above37,Staphylococcus epidermidis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Ureaplasma urealyticum 
above37,Ureaplasma parvum 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Staphylococcus pseudintermedius 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Listeria monocytogenes 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Fusobacterium necrophorum 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
above37,Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Enterocytozoon bieneusi 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Peptostreptococcus anaerobius 
above37,Candida albicans 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus equi 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Staphylococcus epidermidis 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Candida albicans 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Human mastadenovirus C
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium septicum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Gardnerella vaginalis 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Listeria monocytogenes 
above37,Parvimonas micra 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Mycobacterium tuberculosis 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus avium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Enterococcus gallinarum 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Enterocytozoon bieneusi 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Serratia marcescens 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
above37,Pseudomonas putida 
above37,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus anginosus 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Ureaplasma urealyticum 
above37,Ureaplasma parvum 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Serratia marcescens 
above37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
above37,Pasteurella multocida 
above37,Elizabethkingia meningoseptica 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Acinetobacter baumannii 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Haemophilus influenzae 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Tannerella forsythia 
above37,Achromobacter xylosoxidans 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Pasteurella multocida 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Ureaplasma urealyticum 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Klebsiella oxytoca 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Blastocystis hominis 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Porphyromonas gingivalis 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Vibrio parahaemolyticus 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium tetani 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus gordonii 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Streptococcus equinus 
above37,Streptococcus dysgalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus sanguinis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus mutans 
above37,Streptococcus mitis 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Paraclostridium bifermentans 
above37,Fusobacterium nucleatum 
above37,Bacillus cereus 
above37,Haemophilus parainfluenzae 
above37,Gardnerella vaginalis 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Anaerococcus prevotii 
above37,Finegoldia magna 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Vibrio parahaemolyticus 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Clostridium botulinum 
above37,Clostridium perfringens 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus suis 
above37,Streptococcus oralis 
above37,Streptococcus agalactiae 
above37,Streptococcus pneumoniae 
above37,Campylobacter jejuni 
above37,Campylobacter coli 
above37,Campylobacter lari 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Enterococcus faecalis 
above37,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae 
above37,Staphylococcus aureus 
above37,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Prevotella intermedia 
above37,Prevotella melaninogenica 
above37,Escherichia coli 
above37,Enterococcus faecium 
above37,Shigella sonnei 
above37,Shigella flexneri 
above37,Shigella dysenteriae 
above37,Shigella boydii 
above37,Salmonella enterica 
above37,Klebsiella pneumoniae 
above37,Klebsiella aerogenes 
above37,Clostridioides difficile 
above37,Streptococcus pyogenes 
above37,Citrobacter freundii 
above37,Enterobacter cloacae 
above37,Corynebacterium striatum 
